[17.0][MIG]  hr_attendance_validation (#221)
OCA/hr-attendance: hr_attendance_validation/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This add a validation mechanism to review employee attendance base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds a validation mechanism to review employee attendance based
```

on weekly worked hours.

> You can choose on employee the `weekly attendance validation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose on the employee's form the `weekly attendance validation`
```
